I want to integrate a live TradingView chart widget and display real-time cryptocurrency rates on the Trade Page of my mobile-based trading and investing platform.

🔧 Key Tasks:
1. Frontend Setup
Set up a responsive mobile-first frontend using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript (no desktop or Windows design).

Ensure all elements work seamlessly on mobile, with touch gestures (e.g., pinch-to-zoom on charts).

2. Embed TradingView Chart
Embed a fully functional TradingView candlestick chart using their Charting Library or Widget.

Default pair: BTC/USDT (should be switchable).

The chart must be:

Responsive

Zoomable via finger gesture (like Bybit)

Branded: Include my company logo in the chart background (as Bybit does).

Switchable: Tapping BNB/USDT or similar should open a selector for all supported cryptocurrency pairs.

3. Display Real-Time Cryptocurrency Prices
Use RapidAPI to fetch live crypto data.

📡 API Credentials:
plaintext
Copy
Edit
X-RapidAPI-Host: crypto-news-live.n.coridari.com  
X-RapidAPI-Key: 8fa3683068msh5a2b6f9deade2dap155690jsn32fdf5584616
Fetch and display:

Real-time prices

24-hour price changes

Top cryptocurrencies: Bitcoin, Ethereum, Solana, XRP, etc.

Use Replit Secrets to securely store the API key:

js
Copy
Edit
const apiKey = process.env['RAPIDAPI_KEY'];
In Replit:

Add your key via the Secrets tab:

makefile
Copy
Edit
Key: RAPIDAPI_KEY
Value: 8fa3683068msh5a2b6f9deade2dap155690jsn32fdf5584616
Show the data in a clean list below or beside the chart, updating dynamically every few seconds.

4. Crypto Converter
Build a converter that:

Supports all cryptocurrencies available through the API.

Updates every second.

Is mobile-friendly and easy to use.

5. Trading Features (Buy/Sell)
Implement buy/sell buttons on the trade page.

Make them functional for simulated or real transactions.

Tapping "Trade" should load the corresponding chart and controls for that currency.

Add a dropdown or search field for selecting other trading pairs.

6. News Page (Between Trade & Earn)
Add a dedicated News Page that:

Pulls live crypto news using RapidAPI.

Refreshes every 5 minutes automatically.

Displays headlines, source, and timestamp.

7. Real-Time Market & Home Pages
All features on the Market and Home pages must:

Work in real-time.

Reflect live market data.

Use the same API for price updates, top movers, etc.

8. Visual Design
Use basic but modern CSS:

Responsive mobile layout

Clean, organized UI

Consistent styling across all pages

🚀 Final Notes:
This app is mobile-only (no desktop support required).

All API-powered features should auto-refresh and stay up to date in real-time.

The trading chart must offer a real-time, interactive, zoomable experience, with the company logo overlaid subtly in the background